Hi.
We done this lecture regrowing to complete our image recognition app by writing our handler so that
we can fire up this request and get the observations out of this Courier Mail model.
As you can see there is a sample code for creating the handler.
And before we go on and do that I'm just going to focus on this line.
So dispatch Q that global ad user initiated global and this will work as synchro needlessly.
So we have never worked with this kind of dispatch queue before.
Yeah we have done the main sink thing and we have understood why it was necessary to do that.
But what is this why we are using this global and why are we using this as sync at all.
So let me go over to Google and let me try to understand this a little bit.
So let me write something like dispatch Q main versus global.
OK.
So the first result is the stack overflow of course because this is the best friend of a developer.
So this is stack overflow and we can find all the answers in the world regarding two developments.
So let me write swift in order to be more explicit.
Okay.
And as you can see we have again this stack overflow were here.
And let me just try to go one of these results.
And let me try to understand the difference between this dispatch Q types and as you can see one of
the guys over here has this same question in mind regarding the dispatch Q So it says that yep there
is a main track there's a main and there is a global and what are the differences between those two.
And let me just look at the first four result levels.
The first answering here.
So this guy is trying to explain the differences between them and in here we have something like SYNC
put tasks in queue and wait until it finishes.
Yeah.
The async doesn't actually wait until it finishes.
So it works as in courteously and we already know that right.
We actually used it before and we understand what it takes to do something asynchronously and why is
it necessary because we have done this a lot.
Like we have been downloading data from the Internet and everything would think and we how we need actually
a more clear answer.
And by the way you don't have to do that.
Obviously I'm just trying to make a case here as showing that you can find your answers easily online
by googling and looking over the stack overflow.
And here I believe we have our answer.
So as you can see it says that yep you can use this global cue and it's a very high priority background.
Q So if we want to make something high priority if we want to work this on a background threat then
we have to use this global cue.
But it's not generally used so swift doesn't actually want us to be involved in the priorities too often.
And as you can see in other answers they mention that yep this is rarely used.
And if you want to do something very fast in the background you can use this.
So we didn't need that before.
But as Apple suggests in this case we have to use this because there is a lot of things going on in
the background when we try to recognize an image it just goes into the model and follows a long gone
algorithm and it just tries to do a lot of stuff in the background.
We have to do this fast.
We have to do this prioritize so that we can get results immediately and that's what we're going to
do actually.
I'm going to create the handler in here and I'm going to say we end image requests.
Handler yep this is the thing that I'm looking for.
If I open the parentheses this handler will ask me for a C.I. image OK.
And this is not a CIA image I believe this is a CGM which yep this is the one that we are looking for.
S.I. image and it has some options parameter as well but I believe this is optional so we can just delete
this and go along with DCI image.
OK so let me delete these options and in the CIA image.
I'm going to give you the image as an input because you remember we are getting this inside of our function
here as an input so we can just give it as an input here as well.
And I'm going to do what Swift told me to do.
But Apple told me to do actually I'm going to use this global and in this phone I'm going to go for
a user interactive.
OK.
And then I can say that's a sync and will create a coding block for me.
And in here I'm going to use my handler to perform the requests.
So there are two things to remember here.
As you can see it asks for an array of requests and it throws an error.
So we're going to do this within.
Do try.
Catch and we're going to have to create an array here and put our requests inside of that area.
So far so good.
But we're getting in every here.
So let's see it couldn't understand why the request is.
Yeah I believe I have misplaced this.
So let me put it inside of our model here.
OK.
After the creation of request so that it can see the request.
Yep.
Now we'd seize and even though we're just working with a single request it asks us to create an array.
So that's what we are doing.
So let me create a do try catch block in here.
OK.
So do try catch.
And if we get an error I'm just going to print one.
OK I'm just going to print error and that's it.
Actually this will fire up the requests and in the request I'm getting this image processed in my model
and getting the observations out of that model and see splitting the first result to the user.
OK so let's try this.
Let's open our photo library and we don't have some good images in here but I'm just going to choose
one.
And as you can see yep we got the result back.
And this is actually a font and I believe and it's understood that this is a fountain but as you can
see we have too much decimals in here.
So that's what I have been talking about.
So rather than saying 20 6 7 9 7 5 I'm just going to say something like.
Yes.
Twenty seven percent.
This is a font.
OK.
And I believe we don't have to change anything else.
So this is working fine.
All we have to do is just run this up and in order to do that I'm going to create another thing called
round it.
OK I'm going to convert my confidence level to ending teacher and let me stop this simulator because
it's getting a little bit leggy here.
So let's say a confidence level.
Yep.
So let me just multiply this by a hundred and divide this by a hundred.
So it will ramp this up and of course if we don't put this in our result label it won't matter much.
So rather than using confidence level I'm going to use around that's in here.
Now this is really the time to test this app and see if we can get the good results back from our model.
So let me change this picture.
OK.
Let me choose the fountain.
And as you can see it's twenty six per cent fountain.
Yep.
So this is finding the image content very well actually this is indeed a fountain.
So maybe you can do something like a result labeled dot tax founding or trying to find.
OK.
So that we won't have a blank label in the process of finding the image.
So this will be much more elegant.
So let me try this.
OK.
Let me go over here to change and let me choose one of these pictures.
Let me go for a fountain.
The.
Found that very fast so I couldn't see its findings.
So as you can see it finds this content.
Yep.
This is a cliff.
So this is 45 percent cliff.
So let me go over here to.
Flowers maybe or do we have anything specific.
No let's go for this flowers okay.
Yeah.
It says that this coral reef and I don't know if this is coral reef I don't understand very much about
flowers.
So in fact let me go to Safari here let me close this up and try to find some images to test this model.
OK let me go to Google and let me just search for monkey.
So far we have been talking about this monkey image.
Right.
Let me find some monkey image.
And here you go.
Fee click over here on Long press.
We can actually add this to the photo library of the user not the user actually.
In this case we already reserved.
So let's go for Lion this time and this bird's up the Lion King I believe.
But it doesn't matter it's still a lion.
So it has to be recognized by our model.
Right.
So let me bring this in and let's go for a car for example.
OK so this is bugging me is asking for my location.
So let me just give it anyway and open one of the car images and let me try to get this one as well.
And let's find a fourth one.
Maybe we can go for something like that plain K or you can just search for a plane.
It will be much more explicit.
Let me find one of the plane images and try to save this to my photo library and this doesn't work for
some reason.
Let me choose another one.
OK let me long press over here and yep this is how we add this to photos so far so good.
So let me close this down and go to my machine learning app and let me open the mine key image.
So as you can see this I believe this is a macaque rather than a monkey knows it better than us.
So it's working.
So let me choose the lion.
And here you go so this is the lion.
And it found that as well.
Let me search for car.
Here you go.
It's not even a car it's a race car as you can see it's pretty good I believe.
So let me go for the final one and yep.
Ninety four percent confidence level.
This is an airliner.
So this is very King Very good.
And the reason this is working very good because the model is good because the model is trained very
well and we can integrate these kind of models into our app tanks to car email framework thanks to region
framework very easily as you can see we have just read them these and much of code.
We have just rhythm like something like maybe 20 line or 50 lines of code and we can actually understand
the content of an image.
This was very hard to do back in old days so this is now the truth.
This is now the reality thanks to the core and male model.
So I hope you enjoyed this section.
We're going to stop here and continue within our next section.